Suggested hibernation docs tweaks (#3254)
astronomer/docs: astro/deployment-settings.md

4. (Optional) Specify additional hibernation schedules for your Deployment.
5. Select **Update Deployment** to save your changes.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip

You can use the following example cron expressions to implement common Deployment hibernation schedules:

| Schedule | Start schedule | End schedule |
|----------|----------------|---------------|
| Hibernate from 5:00 PM to 9:00 AM| 0 17 * * * | 0 9 * * * |
| Hibernate on weekends (Friday 5:00PM to Monday 9:00AM | 0 17 * * 5 | 0 9 * * 1 |

:::
```

Reviewer: Resolves https://github.com/astronomer/docs/issues/3251

> :::info
> 
> Note that all cron schedules are interpreted in the UTC timezone. So, for example, if you want your Deployment to
> hibernate at 1700 EST, you should use `0 22 * * *` as the cron expression.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning

Cron schedules are set in UTC. If you're running a Deployment in another time zone, you must convert the cron expression for your time zone to UTC. For example, if you want your Deployment to hibernate at 17:00 EST, you  use `0 22 * * *` (22:00 UTC) as the cron expression.

:::
```

Reviewer: Bumping bc this suggestion might have gotten lost in the merge

#### Manually hibernate a Deployment

Instead of creating a regular hibernation schedule, you can manually hibernate a development Deployment from the Cloud UI. This is recommended if you're not sure when you'll need to use the Deployment again after hibernating it.

1. In the Cloud UI, select a Workspace, click **Deployments**, and then select a Deployment.
2. Click the **More Actions** menu of the Deployment you want to update, then select **Hibernate Deployment**.
3. Configure the manual hibernation period, then click **Confirm**.

If you need to run a task or DAG on a Deployment that is currently in hibernation, you can manually wake up a Deployment from hibernation before the end of its schedule.

1. In the Cloud UI, select a Workspace, click **Deployments**, and then select a Deployment.
2. Click the **More Actions** menu of the Deployment you want to update, then select **Wake up from Hibernation**.

> 3. Select the appropriate option from the dialog: if you need to wake immediately for an indefinite period and ignore any configured schedules, select **Wake until further notice**. If you know how long you want the deployment to be awake, select **Wake until set time and date** and specify a time. If you want to go back to the normal schedules and remove the override, select **Remove override and return to normal schedule**. Once you've made your selection, click **Confirm**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select one of the following options for how you want your Deployment to wake up:

    - **Wake until further notice**: Your Deployment wakes up immediately for an indefinite period and ignores any configured hibernation schedules. 
    - **Wake until set time and date**: Specify a time that the Deployment should go back into hibernation after waking up. 
    - *Remove override and return to normal schedule**: The Deployment returns to following your configured hibernation schedules.
    4. Click **Confirm**.
```
